hey whats up guys Jeremy with everything
idevice and in this video we're going to
be taking a look at an upcoming cydia
tweak called anamur now this tweak
allows you to basically animate your
banner notifications a couple other
things as well so we're just going to go
ahead and we're going to jump into the
settings here real quick for anamur so
here it is right here now there's a
bunch of different settings and you can
set them up to be in any kind of
combination you want so I literally
can't show you every single combination
because this would probably be like a
10-15 minute video just to show you
every combination so I'm just going to
go through the list here you guys will
get an idea of how this works basically
so first we have the banner animations
which is different slides here so you
can slide the banner notification and
from the left just like that so you can
do the show test button at the bottom
right there to test all these out as you
basically change it to the way you like
it we have slide from right also you
have a slide from the top which is
similar to you know a stack notification
just a little different then here is
slide from bottom this is actually
really cool to notification will
literally come from the body mirror
screen all the way to the top and then
slide up from center the notification
will appear basically in the center and
go to the top as well so i'm going to
which a slide from bottom back on here
and then next you have fades you have a
fade in so it will go slide from the
bottom and it will fade in as it slides
from the bottom just like that and then
you have zoom and scale so the first one
is zoom in now keep in mind i have slide
from bottom fade in and then zoom in all
on as you can see you could switch these
on any combination you can think of and
you're going to get a different result
for every different different set up
basically so there's a lot of free play
with this to get the the banner
animations to look the way you really
like them so here is zoom in a fade in
and then slide from the bottom so I'm
gonna go ahead and I'm going to actually
switch this up I'm going to do slide
from center switch that off I'm going to
turn the fade-in off
and then I'm going to switch this to
zoom out and snap so very cool looking
right there and then here is fancy you
can have it spin so it came in from the
center it zoom out and snapped and then
did the spin and then the next here is a
infinite spin so go ahead and turn that
on its basically just going to spin real
slow and then eventually fade out which
is a really cool looking kind of effect
as well so that is a infinite spin go
ahead and switch these off I'm actually
going to turn zoom out and snap off and
I'm going to turn off slide up from
Center I'm going to go ahead and turn on
slide right in bounce so as you can see
it came in from the right and it did a
little bounce there and then slide left
in bounce would be obviously the
opposite actually really like this one
it kind of reminds me of OSX when you
get notifications so there you go there
is slide left and bounce now here these
last three options are just kind of
miscellaneous things you can actually
have your notifications be spoken to you
which is very very cool so I'll do a
test so there you go and then you also
do have a hog fade for your volume HUD
will fade in as you can see it was a
real nice kind of subtle fade and then
fade out of course and then the last
year is called transparent NC which is
transparent notification center go ahead
and switch that on this is very unique
slide down my notification center and as
you can see where the widgets are it's
not transparent but everywhere where the
background would be it is and you you
can actually interact with what's behind
your notification center as you can see
right there which is really quite cool
in my opinion so that is transparent and
see basically where there's going to be
a background in your notification center
not where widgets are you can see
through it and interact through it and
then here is just a tutorial speech
tutorial and then make sure you follow
hash bang productions on Twitter and
that's basically it guys just a very
cool banner animation tweak you do get
the couple extras with it which is very
nice again the thing I like about it is
there's so many combinations
that you can really get the animation
the way you want it now anamur is not
yet out in cydia but i will update this
video once it is released and you will
be able to pick up anna murph or just 99
cents and that's going to be it for this
video guys I hope you enjoyed it if you
did be sure to throw me that thumbs up
also let me know not in the comments
what you think about this tweak and most
of all be sure to click that subscribe
button this has been Jeremy with
everything idevice and I'll catch you
guys in the next one pace